DOCS: Add reminder to create github label after adding new provider (#2932)
StackExchange/dnscontrol: documentation/writing-providers.md

## Step 16: After the PR is merged

1. Close any related GitHub issues.

> 2. [Create an issue (feature request)](https://github.com/StackExchange/dnscontrol/issues/new/choose) titled "Add label for PROVIDERNAME" with the text "Please create  the GitHub label 'provider-PROVIDERNAME'".

Reviewer: You might consider including the title in the GitHub link:

```suggestion
2. [Create an issue (feature request)](https://github.com/StackExchange/dnscontrol/issues/new?title=Add%20label%20for%20PROVIDERNAME) with the text "Please create  the GitHub label 'provider-PROVIDERNAME'".
```

> 2. [Create an issue (feature request)](https://github.com/StackExchange/dnscontrol/issues/new/choose) titled "Add label for PROVIDERNAME" with the text "Please create  the GitHub label 'provider-PROVIDERNAME'".

Reviewer: **Style**: There is a (unnecessary) double space:

```suggestion
2. [Create an issue (feature request)](https://github.com/StackExchange/dnscontrol/issues/new/choose) titled "Add label for PROVIDERNAME" with the text "Please create the GitHub label 'provider-PROVIDERNAME'".
```
